set_trainable update (#693)
pasqal-io/qadence: docs/content/quantummodels.md

By default, the `forward` method of `QuantumModel` calls `model.run()`. To define custom quantum models, the best way is to inherit from `QuantumModel` and override the `forward` method, as typically done with custom PyTorch Modules.

The `QuantumModel` class provides convenience methods to manipulate parameters. Being a `torch.nn.Module`, all torch methods are also available.
The `QuantumModel` class provides convenience methods to manipulate parameters. Being a `torch.nn.Module`, all torch methods are also available. From below example, you can pass, check and reset the model parameters. When entering new values for the `VariationalParameter`, they must match the number of existing variables.

```python exec="on" source="material-block" result="json" session="quantum-model"
import numpy as np

# To pass onto a torch optimizer
parameter_generator = model.parameters()

# Number of variational parameters
num_vparams = model.num_vparams

# Dictionary to easily inspect variational parameter values

> vparams_values = model.vparams

Reviewer: We shouldn't delete this instruction, it shows how to use the `vparams` property.

model.reset_vparams([np.random.rand()])

> print(f"new {model.vparams = }") # markdown-exec: hide

Reviewer: Maybe you can showcase this using a rand from torch instead of importing numpy?

By default, the `forward` method of `QuantumModel` calls `model.run()`. To define custom quantum models, the best way is to inherit from `QuantumModel` and override the `forward` method, as typically done with custom PyTorch Modules.

> The `QuantumModel` class provides convenience methods to manipulate parameters. Being a `torch.nn.Module`, all torch methods are also available. From below example, you can pass, check and reset the model parameters. When entering new values for the `VariationalParameter`, they must match the number of existing variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `QuantumModel` class provides convenience methods to manipulate parameters. Being a `torch.nn.Module`, all torch methods are also available. As shown in the example below, you can pass, check and reset the model parameters. When entering new values for the `VariationalParameter`, they must match the number of existing variables.
```

vparams_values = model.vparams
print(f"new {vparams_values = }") # markdown-exec: hide
```

## Backend configuration in quantum models

When initializing a quantum model, available configuration options are determined by the backend, with current support for `PyQTorch` and `Pulser`. Information on each configuration option can be found with `BackendConfiguration.available_options` as in below example:

```python exec="on" source="material-block" result="json" session="quantum-model"
from qadence import QuantumModel, QuantumCircuit, RX, RY, kron
from qadence import FeatureParameter, VariationalParameter
from qadence import BackendConfiguration
from qadence import BackendName, DiffMode

# Create a quantum circuit
theta = VariationalParameter("theta")
phi = FeatureParameter("phi")
block = kron(RX(0, theta), RY(1, phi))
circuit = QuantumCircuit(2, block)

# Choose your backend (PYQTORCH or PULSER)
backend=BackendName.PYQTORCH
# backend=BackendName.PULSER

model = QuantumModel(circuit, backend=backend, diff_mode=DiffMode.GPSR)
config = model.backend.backend.config

# Check backend confugration options
bknd_options = BackendConfiguration.available_options(config)

> print(f"{bknd_options = }") # markdown-exec: hide

Reviewer: I would suggest adding a `@property` to the `QuantumModel` class for example called `config_options` that automatically gives the user this information, instead of the user having to write all of this. I would do that in this MR since it's a quick add and then you can already fix it here in the docs.

Reviewer: Also, could be useful to get a method to change the config. Then the user could do something like:
```
model = QuantumModel(circuit, backend=backend, diff_mode=DiffMode.GPSR)

# Get the available config options and their current set values
model.current_config

# Change the model configuration
new_config = {"dropout_probability": 0.1}
model.change_config(new_config)
```
Seems more natural then having to initialize a model just to check the available options, and then having to reinitialize it just to change them.

Reviewer: If the `change_config` is added I think there should be a test for it.

Author: I updated the features with showing and changing config with `QuantumModel` class.

Reviewer: Did you perhaps forget to push the changes?

Author: Oh I'm doing it now and having issues with previous merges and rebasing. I'll poke you on slack when I'm ready to get reviewed.

```

> The configuration of the quantum model can be changed by passing `options_names` and `value` in dictionary format. The detailed descriptions are available in [PyQTorch Backend Configuration](https://github.com/pasqal-io/qadence/blob/main/qadence/backends/pyqtorch/config.py) and [Pulser Backend Configuration](https://github.com/pasqal-io/qadence/blob/main/qadence/backends/pulser/config.py) here.

Reviewer: Maybe linking to the `.py` source code files is not the best. Is it needed? For example, isn't the information the user will get when running the code above already sufficient to know all the possible options? In that case I would remove the links and then just exemplify the interface as done in the snippet below.
